indy advice docs & migration procedure (#11546)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: docs/contributing/writing-instrumentation-module.md

```

[suppress]: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/java/automatic/agent-config/#suppressing-specific-auto-instrumentation

## Use non-inlined advice code with `invokedynamic`

Using non-inlined advice code is possible thanks to the `invokedynamic` instruction, this strategy
is referred as "indy" in reference to this, by extension "indy modules" are the instrumentation
modules using this instrumentation strategy.

> The most common way to instrument code with bytebuddy relies on inlining, this strategy will be

Reviewer: Maybe a paragraph here explaining the difference would be nice? E.g.

```
For inlined advices, the advice code is directly copied into the instrumented method. In addition, all helper classes are injected into the classloader of the instrumented classes. For indy, the Advice class is not inlined. Instead, it is loaded alongside with all helper classes into a special `InstrumentationModuleClassloader`, which sees the classes from both the instrumented application classloader and the agent classloader. The instrumented class calls the Advice-class residing in the `InstrumentationModuleClassloader` via invokedynamic bytecode instructions.
```

Author: Good idea, I've copied it almost as-is in c477985594d6f8dfb85ff0fce021a2cb47b4bcae

`@Advice.OnMethodEnter` or `@Advice.OnMethodExit` must have the `inlined = false` explicitly set.

The `otel.javaagent.experimental.indy` (default `false`) configuration option allows to opt-in for
using "indy". When set to `true`, the `io.opentelemetry.javaagent.tooling.instrumentation.indy.AdviceTransformer`
will transform advices automatically to make them "indy native".

This configuration is automatically enabled in CI when `test indy` label is added to a pull-request
or when the `-PtestIndy=true` parameter is added to gradle.

In order to preserve compatibility with both instrumentation strategies, we have to omit the `inlined = false`
from the advice method annotations.

We have two sets of instrumentation modules:
- "indy compatible": compatible with both "indy" and "inlined", do not override `isIndyModule`
- "inlined only": only compatible with "inlined", `isIndyModule` returns `false`.

The first step of the migration is to move all the "inlined only" to the "indy compatible" category
by refactoring them with the limitations described below.

Once everything is "indy compatible", we can evaluate changing the default value of `otel.javaagent.experimental.indy`

> to `true` and make it non-experimental.

Reviewer: I'd assume that the config option remains experimental until it eventually is removed?

by refactoring them with the limitations described below.

Once everything is "indy compatible", we can evaluate changing the default value of `otel.javaagent.experimental.indy`
to `true` and make it non-experimental.

### shared classes and common classloader

By default, all the advices of an instrumentation module will be loaded into isolated classloaders,
one per instrumentation module. Some instrumentations require to use a common classloader in order
to preserve the semantics of `static` fields and to share classes.

In order to load multiple `InstrumentationModule` implementations in the same classloader, you need to
override the `ExperimentalInstrumentationModule#getModuleGroup` to return an identical value.

### advice local variables

With inlined advices, declaring an advice method argument with `@Advice.Local` allows to define
a variable that is local to the advice execution for communication between the enter and exit advices.

When advices are not inlined, usage of `@Advice.Local` is not possible. It is however possible to
return a value from the enter advice and get the value in the exit advice with a parameter annotated
with `@Advice.Enter`, for example:

```java

> @Advice.OnMethodEnter(suppress = Throwable.class)

Reviewer 2: Since we're showing these examples in the context of "adapting inline advices to indy ones", I think it's worth making them fully indy compatible by adding "inline = false" to all the `@Advice.OnMethodEnter/OnMethodExit` annotations.

allows to modify instrumented method arguments.

When using non-inlined advices, reading the argument values is still done with `@Advice.Argument`
annotated parameters, however modifying the values is done through the advice method return value
and `@Advice.AssignReturned.ToArguments` annotation:

```java
@Advice.OnMethodEnter(suppress = Throwable.class)
@Advice.AssignReturned.ToArguments(@ToArgument(1))
public static Object onEnter(@Advice.Argument(1) Object request) {
  return "hello";
}
```

It is possible to modify multiple arguments at once by using an array, see usages of
`@Advice.AssignReturned.ToArguments` for detailed examples.

### modifying method return value

With inlined advices, using the `@Advice.Return` annotation on method parameter with `readOnly = false`
allows to modify instrumented method return value on exit advice.

When using non-inlined advices, reading the original return value is still done with `@Advice.Return`
annotated parameter, however modifying the value is done through the advice method return value
and `@Advice.AssignReturned.ToReturned`

```java
@Advice.OnMethodExit(suppress = Throwable.class)
@Advice.AssignReturned.ToReturned

> public static Object onEnter(@Advice.Return Object returnValue) {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
public static Object onExit(@Advice.Return Object returnValue) {
```

  return "hello";
}
```

### writing to internal class fields

With inlined advices, using the `@Advice.FieldValue(value = "fieldName", readOnly = false)` annotation
on advice method parameter allows to modify the `fieldName` field of the instrumented class.

When using non-inlined advices, reading the original field value is still done with `@Advice.FieldValue`
annotated parameter, however modifying the value is done through the advice method return value
and `@Advice.AssignReturned.ToFields` annotation:

```java
@Advice.OnMethodExit(suppress = Throwable.class)
@Advice.AssignReturned.ToFields(@ToField(value = "fieldName"))

> public static Object onEnter(@Advice.FieldValue("fieldName") Object originalFieldValue) {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
public static Object onExit(@Advice.FieldValue("fieldName") Object originalFieldValue) {
```

Author: field modification usually happens before the original method body is executed, is there any particular reason to switch to method exit ?

Reviewer 2: Ah, gotcha. I suggested this change to make it match the annotation used for this function (`OnMethodExit`). Though based on what you mentioned, maybe the annotation should be changed to `OnMethodEnter`?

Author: Good catch, I completely missed that (obvious) one !!

In order to preserve compatibility with both instrumentation strategies, we have to omit the `inlined = false`
from the advice method annotations.

We have three sets of instrumentation modules:
- "inlined only": only compatible with "inlined", `isIndyModule` returns `false`.
- "indy compatible": compatible with both "indy" and "inlined", do not override `isIndyModule`, advices are modified with `AdviceTransformer` to be made "indy native" or "inlined" at runtime.
- "indy native": only compatible with "indy" `isIndyModule` returns `true`.

The first step of the migration is to move all the "inlined only" to the "indy compatible" category
by refactoring them with the limitations described below.

Once everything is "indy compatible", we can evaluate changing the default value of `otel.javaagent.experimental.indy`
to `true` and make it non-experimental.

### Shared classes and common classloader

By default, all the advices of an instrumentation module will be loaded into isolated classloaders,
one per instrumentation module. Some instrumentations require to use a common classloader in order

> to preserve the semantics of `static` fields and to share classes.

Reviewer 3: does "preserving the semantics of static fields" mean something beyond sharing classes (and so sharing their static fields)?

Author: When multiple classloaders are involved loading the same class with static fields in different classloaders means each copy will be independent.

For example an instrumentation utility class creates a singleton multiple instances of it will be created for each classloader this utility class is reused in. This becomes problematic only when sharing state however.

with `@Advice.Enter`, for example:

```java
@Advice.OnMethodEnter(suppress = Throwable.class, inlined = false)
public static Object onEnter(@Advice.Argument(1) Object request) {
  return "enterValue";
}

@Advice.OnMethodExit(suppress = Throwable.class, onThrowable = Throwable.class, inlined = false)
public static void onExit(@Advice.Argument(1) Object request,
                          @Advice.Enter Object enterValue) {
  // do something with enterValue
}
```

### Modifying method arguments

With inlined advices, using the `@Advice.Argument` annotation on method parameter with `readOnly = false`
allows modifying instrumented method arguments.

When using non-inlined advices, reading the argument values is still done with `@Advice.Argument`
annotated parameters, however modifying the values is done through the advice method return value
and `@Advice.AssignReturned.ToArguments` annotation:

Note that independent of the static return type of the advice method, all assignments done `@Advice.AssignReturned` will use explicit casts to the type of target field or variable. We explicitly override the `typing` parameter in those annotations in our agent.

> value to the appropriate type.

Reviewer 3: I didn't quite follow this, do you think instrumentation authors need to know about this after #11884?

Reviewer: If you think it's more confusing than helping, we can definitely leave this out. It is an implementation detail, though we "remove" a feature of bytebuddy (the functionality of the `typing` annotation parameter). However, you'd need to be an instrumentation expert to notice that, as it just makes life easier and prevents unloadable bytecode.

So yeah, let's just drop this paragraph.

is referred as "indy" in reference to this. By extension "indy modules" are the instrumentation
modules using this instrumentation strategy.

The most common way to instrument code with ByteBuddy relies on inlining, this strategy will be
referred as "inlined" strategy as opposed to "indy".

For inlined advices, the advice code is directly copied into the instrumented method.
In addition, all helper classes are injected into the classloader of the instrumented classes.

For indy, advice classes are not inlined. Instead, they are loaded alongside all helper classes
into a special `InstrumentationModuleClassloader`, which sees the classes from both the instrumented
application classloader and the agent classloader.
The instrumented classes call the advice classes residing in the `InstrumentationModuleClassloader` via
invokedynamic bytecode instructions.

Using indy instrumentation has these advantages:

- allows instrumentations to have breakpoints set in them and be debugged using standard debugging techniques
- provides clean isolation of instrumentation advice from the application and other instrumentations

> - allows advice classes to contain non-static fields and methods - in fact generally good development practices are enabled (whereas inlined advices are [restricted in how they can be implemented](#use-advice-classes-to-write-code-that-will-get-injected-to-the-instrumented-library-classes))

Reviewer: > allows advice classes to contain non-static fields and methods

We never create instances of advice-classes, so why would we add non-static methods/fields?

is it this what you were thinking of?
```suggestion
- allows advice classes to contain static fields and methods which can be accessed from the advice entry points - in fact generally good development practices are enabled (whereas inlined advices are [restricted in how they can be implemented](#use-advice-classes-to-write-code-that-will-get-injected-to-the-instrumented-library-classes))
```

When advices are not inlined, usage of `@Advice.Local` is not possible. It is however possible to
return a value from the enter advice and get the value in the exit advice with a parameter annotated
with `@Advice.Enter`, for example:

```java
@Advice.OnMethodEnter(suppress = Throwable.class, inlined = false)
public static Object onEnter(@Advice.Argument(1) Object request) {
  return "enterValue";
}

@Advice.OnMethodExit(suppress = Throwable.class, onThrowable = Throwable.class, inlined = false)
public static void onExit(@Advice.Argument(1) Object request,
                          @Advice.Enter Object enterValue) {
  // do something with enterValue
}
```

### modifying method arguments

With inlined advices, using the `@Advice.Argument` annotation on method parameter with `readOnly = false`
allows modifying instrumented method arguments.

When using non-inlined advices, reading the argument values is still done with `@Advice.Argument`
annotated parameters, however modifying the values is done through the advice method return value
and `@Advice.AssignReturned.ToArguments` annotation:

> For return type, the `typing = Assigner.Typing.DYNAMIC` is needed to instruct ByteBuddy to properly cast the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that independent of the static return type of the advice method, all assignments done `@Advice.AssignReturned` will use explicit casts to the type of target field or variable. We explicitly override the `typing` parameter in those annotations in our agent.
```

value to the appropriate type.

```java
@Advice.OnMethodEnter(suppress = Throwable.class, inlined = false)

> @Advice.AssignReturned.ToArguments(@ToArgument(value = 1, typing = Assigner.Typing.DYNAMIC))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@Advice.AssignReturned.ToArguments(@ToArgument(1))
```

public static Object onEnter(@Advice.Argument(1) Object request) {
  return "hello";
}
```

It is possible to modify multiple arguments at once by using an array, see usages of
`@Advice.AssignReturned.ToArguments` for detailed examples.

### modifying method return value

With inlined advices, using the `@Advice.Return` annotation on method parameter with `readOnly = false`
allows modifying instrumented method return value on exit advice.

When using non-inlined advices, reading the original return value is still done with the `@Advice.Return`
annotated parameter, however modifying the value is done through the advice method return value
and `@Advice.AssignReturned.ToReturned`.

> For return type, the `typing = Assigner.Typing.DYNAMIC` is needed to instruct ByteBuddy to properly cast the

Reviewer: I think we can remove this line and don't need to repeat the note I suggested above.

value to the appropriate type.

```java
@Advice.OnMethodExit(suppress = Throwable.class, inlined = false)

> @Advice.AssignReturned.ToReturned(typing = Assigner.Typing.DYNAMIC)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@Advice.AssignReturned.ToReturned
```

public static Object onExit(@Advice.Return Object returnValue) {
  return "hello";
}
```

### writing to internal class fields

With inlined advices, using the `@Advice.FieldValue(value = "fieldName", readOnly = false)` annotation
on advice method parameters allows modifying the `fieldName` field of the instrumented class.

When using non-inlined advices, reading the original field value is still done with the `@Advice.FieldValue`
annotated parameter, however modifying the value is done through the advice method return value
and `@Advice.AssignReturned.ToFields` annotation.

> For return type, the `typing = Assigner.Typing.DYNAMIC` is needed to instruct ByteBuddy to properly cast the

Reviewer: Again, can be removed

value to the appropriate type.

```java
@Advice.OnMethodEnter(suppress = Throwable.class, inlined = false)

> @Advice.AssignReturned.ToFields(@ToField(value = "fieldName", typing = Assigner.Typing.DYNAMIC))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@Advice.AssignReturned.ToFields(@ToField("fieldName"))
```

```

[suppress]: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/java/automatic/agent-config/#suppressing-specific-auto-instrumentation

## Use non-inlined advice code with `invokedynamic`

Using non-inlined advice code is possible thanks to the `invokedynamic` instruction, this strategy
is referred as "indy" in reference to this, by extension "indy modules" are the instrumentation
modules using this instrumentation strategy.

The most common way to instrument code with bytebuddy relies on inlining, this strategy will be
referred as "inlined" strategy in opposition to "indy".

For inlined advices, the advice code is directly copied into the instrumented method.
In addition, all helper classes are injected into the classloader of the instrumented classes.

For indy, advice classes are not inlined. Instead, they loaded alongside with all helper classes
into a special `InstrumentationModuleClassloader`, which sees the classes from both the instrumented
application classloader and the agent classloader.
The instrumented classes call the advice classes residing in the `InstrumentationModuleClassloader` via
invokedynamic bytecode instructions.

> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

Making the instrumentation indy

- allows instrumentations to have breakpoints set in them and be debugged using standard debugging techniques
- provides clean isolation of instrumentation advice from the application and other instrumentations
- allows advice classes to contain non-static fields and method - in fact generally good development practices are enabled (whereas inlined advices are [restricted in how they can be implemented](#use-advice-classes-to-write-code-that-will-get-injected-to-the-instrumented-library-classes)

```

```

[suppress]: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/java/automatic/agent-config/#suppressing-specific-auto-instrumentation

## Use non-inlined advice code with `invokedynamic`

Using non-inlined advice code is possible thanks to the `invokedynamic` instruction, this strategy

> is referred as "indy" in reference to this, by extension "indy modules" are the instrumentation

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
is referred as "indy" in reference to this. By extension "indy modules" are the instrumentation
```

modules using this instrumentation strategy.

The most common way to instrument code with bytebuddy relies on inlining, this strategy will be

> referred as "inlined" strategy in opposition to "indy".

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
referred as "inlined" strategy as opposed to "indy".
```

For inlined advices, the advice code is directly copied into the instrumented method.
In addition, all helper classes are injected into the classloader of the instrumented classes.

> For indy, advice classes are not inlined. Instead, they loaded alongside with all helper classes

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For indy, advice classes are not inlined. Instead, they are loaded alongside with all helper classes
```

into a special `InstrumentationModuleClassloader`, which sees the classes from both the instrumented
application classloader and the agent classloader.
The instrumented classes call the advice classes residing in the `InstrumentationModuleClassloader` via
invokedynamic bytecode instructions.

Making the instrumentation indy

- allows instrumentations to have breakpoints set in them and be debugged using standard debugging techniques
- provides clean isolation of instrumentation advice from the application and other instrumentations

> - allows advice classes to contain non-static fields and method - in fact generally good development practices are enabled (whereas inlined advices are [restricted in how they can be implemented](#use-advice-classes-to-write-code-that-will-get-injected-to-the-instrumented-library-classes))

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- allows advice classes to contain non-static fields and methods - in fact generally good development practices are enabled (whereas inlined advices are [restricted in how they can be implemented](#use-advice-classes-to-write-code-that-will-get-injected-to-the-instrumented-library-classes))
```

Once everything is "indy compatible", we can evaluate changing the default value of `otel.javaagent.experimental.indy`
to `true` and make it non-experimental.

### shared classes and common classloader

By default, all the advices of an instrumentation module will be loaded into isolated classloaders,
one per instrumentation module. Some instrumentations require to use a common classloader in order
to preserve the semantics of `static` fields and to share classes.

In order to load multiple `InstrumentationModule` implementations in the same classloader, you need to
override the `ExperimentalInstrumentationModule#getModuleGroup` to return an identical value.

### classes injected in application classloader

Injecting classes in the application classloader is possible by implementing the
`ExperimentalInstrumentationModule#injectedClassNames` method. All the class names listed by the
returned value will be loaded in the application classloader instead of the agent or instrumentation
module classloader.

This allows for example to access package-private methods that would not be accessible otherwise.

### advice local variables

> With inlined advices, declaring an advice method argument with `@Advice.Local` allows to define

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
With inlined advices, declaring an advice method argument with `@Advice.Local` allows defining
```

With inlined advices, using the `@Advice.Argument` annotation on method parameter with `readOnly = false`
allows to modify instrumented method arguments.

When using non-inlined advices, reading the argument values is still done with `@Advice.Argument`
annotated parameters, however modifying the values is done through the advice method return value
and `@Advice.AssignReturned.ToArguments` annotation:

The advice method return value must be `Object` unless it's a type that is provided by the JDK.
Also, the `typing = Assigner.Typing.DYNAMIC` is needed to instruct bytebuddy to properly cast the
value to the appropriate type.

```java
@Advice.OnMethodEnter(suppress = Throwable.class, inlined = false)
@Advice.AssignReturned.ToArguments(@ToArgument(value = 1, typing = Assigner.Typing.DYNAMIC))
public static Object onEnter(@Advice.Argument(1) Object request) {
  return "hello";
}
```

It is possible to modify multiple arguments at once by using an array, see usages of
`@Advice.AssignReturned.ToArguments` for detailed examples.

### modifying method return value

With inlined advices, using the `@Advice.Return` annotation on method parameter with `readOnly = false`

> allows to modify instrumented method return value on exit advice.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
allows modifying instrumented method return value on exit advice.
```

> When using non-inlined advices, reading the original return value is still done with `@Advice.Return`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When using non-inlined advices, reading the original return value is still done with the `@Advice.Return`
```

annotated parameter, however modifying the value is done through the advice method return value
and `@Advice.AssignReturned.ToReturned`.

The advice method return value must be `Object` unless it's a type that is provided by the JDK.
Also, the `typing = Assigner.Typing.DYNAMIC` is needed to instruct bytebuddy to properly cast the
value to the appropriate type.

```java
@Advice.OnMethodExit(suppress = Throwable.class, inlined = false)
@Advice.AssignReturned.ToReturned(typing = Assigner.Typing.DYNAMIC)
public static Object onExit(@Advice.Return Object returnValue) {
  return "hello";
}
```

### writing to internal class fields

With inlined advices, using the `@Advice.FieldValue(value = "fieldName", readOnly = false)` annotation

> on advice method parameter allows to modify the `fieldName` field of the instrumented class.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
on advice method parameters allows modifying the `fieldName` field of the instrumented class.
```

> When using non-inlined advices, reading the original field value is still done with `@Advice.FieldValue`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When using non-inlined advices, reading the original field value is still done with the `@Advice.FieldValue`
```

```

[suppress]: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/java/automatic/agent-config/#suppressing-specific-auto-instrumentation

## Use non-inlined advice code with `invokedynamic`

Using non-inlined advice code is possible thanks to the `invokedynamic` instruction, this strategy
is referred as "indy" in reference to this. By extension "indy modules" are the instrumentation
modules using this instrumentation strategy.

> The most common way to instrument code with bytebuddy relies on inlining, this strategy will be

Reviewer 5: Suggest to use `ByteBuddy` instead of `bytebuddy` here.

Author: Fixed in ac90f56935fb78ef005606756739e7e871d2aa7e

one per instrumentation module. Some instrumentations require to use a common classloader in order
to preserve the semantics of `static` fields and to share classes.

In order to load multiple `InstrumentationModule` implementations in the same classloader, you need to
override the `ExperimentalInstrumentationModule#getModuleGroup` to return an identical value.

### classes injected in application classloader

Injecting classes in the application classloader is possible by implementing the
`ExperimentalInstrumentationModule#injectedClassNames` method. All the class names listed by the
returned value will be loaded in the application classloader instead of the agent or instrumentation
module classloader.

This allows for example to access package-private methods that would not be accessible otherwise.

### advice method signatures

With inlined advices, the advice method signature does not have any limitations. It enables referring
to types in the OpenTelemetry API, SDK or instrumentation helper classes directly because those
are injected in the target classloader or the bootstrap classloader for visibility.

> With indy advices however, the advice method signature can't introduce types that are only

Reviewer: With #11873 this restrictions does not exist anymore. I think we should be able to remove this section?

- types from the JDK in the bootstrap classloader like `Object`
- types already visible from the instrumented code

For example, when trying to instrument a method that has `HttpServletRequest` as argument:
- the `HttpServletRequest` type can be used as it's part of the instrumented code
- the `HttpServletRequestScope` is part of instrumentation and has to be of type `Object` for both the enter return value and the exit argument.

```java
@Advice.OnMethodEnter(suppress = Throwable.class, inlined = false)
public static Object onEnter(@Advice.Argument(1) HttpServletRequest request) {
  // custom type from the instrumentation module, has to be returned as Object
  return new HttpServletRequestScope(request);
}

@Advice.OnMethodExit(suppress = Throwable.class, onThrowable = Throwable.class, inlined = false)
public static void onExit(@Advice.Argument(1) Object request,
                          @Advice.Enter Object enterScope) {
  // enter scope provided as Object so we have to check type and cast
  if (!(enterScope instanceof HttpServletRequestScope)) {
    return;
  }
  HttpServletRequestScope requestScope = (HttpServletRequestScope)enterScope;
}
```

> ### advice local variables

Reviewer 5: Keep the first letter capitalized? don't forget to modify same problem below.

Author: I don't think this is required IMHO as it refers here to the "general concept of advices" which is a common topic of instrumentation. Using `Advice` in the title could also be slightly confusing with the `@Advice` annotation which is provided by ByteBuddy to implement it.

However, on the other end with Spring AOP they also refer to `Advice` with a capital A to describe the way to instrument : https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/reference/core/aop/ataspectj/advice.html

Reviewer 3: capitalizing the first word in the headers would be consistent with other markdown in this repo

Reviewer 3: can you update the other headings too? thanks

When advices are not inlined, usage of `@Advice.Local` is not possible. It is however possible to
return a value from the enter advice and get the value in the exit advice with a parameter annotated
with `@Advice.Enter`, for example:

```java
@Advice.OnMethodEnter(suppress = Throwable.class, inlined = false)
public static Object onEnter(@Advice.Argument(1) Object request) {
  return "enterValue";
}

@Advice.OnMethodExit(suppress = Throwable.class, onThrowable = Throwable.class, inlined = false)
public static void onExit(@Advice.Argument(1) Object request,
                          @Advice.Enter Object enterValue) {
  // do something with enterValue
}
```

### modifying method arguments

With inlined advices, using the `@Advice.Argument` annotation on method parameter with `readOnly = false`
allows modifying instrumented method arguments.

When using non-inlined advices, reading the argument values is still done with `@Advice.Argument`
annotated parameters, however modifying the values is done through the advice method return value
and `@Advice.AssignReturned.ToArguments` annotation:

> The advice method return value must be `Object` unless it's a type that is provided by the JDK.

Reviewer: The return type can now be anything when #11873 is merged.
Also you should use `return type` here instead of `return value` (the value can be anything, just the static type needs to be `Object`).

> Also, the `typing = Assigner.Typing.DYNAMIC` is needed to instruct ByteBuddy to properly cast the

Reviewer: In #11884 I'll propose to force dynamic assignment without having to repeat it on each advice. I'll update the docs if this PR gets merged first or propose some changes here stating this fact just for information purposes if #11884 makes it in first.

Author: +1 on making it the dynamic assignment the default here as it makes it simpler for instrumentation authors and debugging it can be challenging.

This allows for example to access package-private methods that would not be accessible otherwise.

### advice method signatures

> With inlined advices, the advice method signature does not have any limitations. It enables to refer

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
With inlined advices, the advice method signature does not have any limitations. It enables referring
```

to types in the OpenTelemetry API, SDK or instrumentation helper classes directly because those
are injected in the target classloader or the bootstrap classloader for visibility.

> With indy advices however, the advice method signature can't introduce types that are not already
> visible from the instrumented method.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
With indy advices however, the advice method signature can't introduce types that are only
visible in the advice classes.
```

In practice, two sets of types can be used in the advice method signature:
- types from the JDK in the bootstrap classloader like `Object`
- types already visible from the instrumented code

For example, when trying to instrument a method that has `HttpServletRequest` as argument:
- the `HttpServletRequest` type can be used as it's part of the instrumented code

> - the `HttpServletRequestScope` is part of instrumentation and has to be of type `Object` from enter return value and exit argument.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- the `HttpServletRequestScope` is part of instrumentation and has to be of type `Object` for both the enter return value and the exit argument.
```
